# Email-Spam-Classifier-project
In this project i have tried to find best model to classify a spam or ham emails and try to keep it in seperate class . The project is based on different classification model and try to predict best accuracy possible.
Nowadays, to register or login to any website you have to provide your email-id and sometimes your phone number as well. These details are used to verify the user. But, there is a chance that these details can be misused for promotions, fake messages etc. Take for example, if you enter your bank details, phone number and email-id to buy a product from a sketchy-looking website, a few days later you would probably receive a mail from halfway around the world claiming that you have won 100 million dollars.  We expect our email company and phone company to make sure that no spam messages end up in our inbox. This trick just doesn’t work anymore.

We humans can sometimes be reckless. We enter our email-id and phone number in almost every website that asks for it . It has been estimated that around 100 billion spam emails are sent out daily. So, there is good chance that at least 10 spam mails could end up in your inbox daily.  That is why, instead of being careful while entering our details, we have decided to build an algorithm.Searching through this pile of spam for those important messages can be highly difficult and there is a good chance that you could skim over them. Therefore, our life would be made a lot easier if an algorithm could correctly classify an email as spam and never shows it to us. Spam classifier,thus, automatically reads a message and decides whether it is spam or not. If it is spam, the message is removed from your inbox and not shown to you.
